but first I wanted to get your
impressions on Joe Thornton's situation
yesterday Jason Botsford from the
Vancouver province tweets out an
off-color remark that he made that I you
can actually hear it on the tape and it
was clearly meant as a joke and yet for
whatever reason bottesford decided that
the world needed to hear about it it
brings into question I think Glenn one
of those things about you know that
trust that develops between writers and
or and maybe doesn't between athletes
and and and reporters and whatnot what
what's your take on this as a former
player how would you react to something
like that happen to you ok so there's a
couple layers of the engineer first
layer is you should have to have a
breathalyzer before you're allowed to
tweet first element if your tweets are
boring email em to your grandmother are
justified journal and write them in the
journal yourself in this world of
Twitter there just seems to do this
insatiable need to get something out
right away fast or anybody else and
don't care what the integrity of it is
that goes back to the get that the
breathalyzer before you tweet it and so
I you know I I don't quite get twitter I
don't get why you have to feel a need to
you know if joey is joking in what he
said and i'm sure it is because we all
know what he said then you have really
breached that trust and so it's going to
be a different animal but you know
that's that's that that nature of
covering sport you know you just feel
this need to be the first one or the
best one or the most outrageous one but
that one was way over one yeah i agree i
think the other thing that will see here
is a kind of a freezing of that
relationship and it probably won't be
just with with the Joe Thornton in the
media but players around the league
would look at that and their reaction
would be the same don't you think all
right curly you know what I think we're
all kind of learning about those 130
character world was on about and
adjusting and I would imagine like if I
was in
any other room it would be okay you know
we have to change the way we do policy
because that can't happen you're
affecting not only Jeffers brand
perfecting the San Jose Sharks branch
the crust on the front of the sweater
now that takes a hit it'll be on yep
okay was just a little tweet by a little
tiny reporter who no one reads anyways
but but it would be now it's going to be
envy on yahoo sports someone else will
cook it up it just becomes viral and
that kind of Viron you know madness then
leads to a change in behavior for you
know a lot of the way teams do things
but it's unfortunate and shame on him
unprofessional and maybe the only thing
people read that he puts out so
sometimes you're only as strong as your
weakest link you are well equipped to
know how to govern yourself in these
situations you'll because you've been a
player you're now a veteran broadcaster
and I'm sure that when things come up
that you know about your your spite your
spidey sense goes off when you think we
could talk with that or no we shouldn't
I mean that's how you're guided right to
experience and common sense yeah but
that again back to what you first said
which is a level of trust where you know
you trust some of the people that you
see every day and you trust the fact
that you know there's been off camera
comments that are made and you think
well to go anywhere do you trust
the fact that it doesn't go somewhere in
this case superhero decided to put a
cape on and send it somewhere and then
become Stan flash well that's it